README.md, before:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->

<div align="center">

# Hi 👋, I'm Hakula Chen

**Backend Developer Intern @ TiMi Studio Group, Tencent**  
**BS, Computer Science (Honors Program) @ Fudan U**  

[![hakula139](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=hakula139&theme=onedark)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)

</div>

## About me

- 👨‍💻&ensp;I'm currently working on:
  - [x] **Grass Map** @ TiMi Studio Group, Tencent
    - An mmap-based high performance grass map object shared between processes, written in modern C++.
    - Time spent: **53.5 hrs**
  - [x] **Resource Usage Prediction** @ TiMi Studio Group, Tencent
    - A multi-threaded time-series-based **real-time** server resource usage predictor, trained dynamically on a GRU model, developed with [LibTorch (C++)](https://pytorch.org/cppdocs/frontend.html).
    - The latency is about **3 ms** with an accuracy of **> 97%**. Our multi-threaded design enables 100 instances to be predicted simultaneously by **> 1k QPS** in total, without reducing the performance and accuracy of the system, while only **140 MB** of RAM is used for the real-time training & prediction.
    - Time spent: **102.5 hrs**
  - [x] **Flowchart Visualization** @ TiMi Studio Group, Tencent
    - A visualization tool which converts real-time event streams of game levels into human-friendly flowcharts, built with [Vue 3](https://vue3js.cn/docs) and [GoJS](https://gojs.net).
    - Time spent: **49 hrs**

- 🌱&ensp;I'm currently learning: **Haskell**

- 🔮&ensp;Most of my individual projects are available on **[hakula139 / Repositories · GitHub](https://github.com/hakula139?tab=repositories)**

- ✏️&ensp;I regularly post tech articles on **[HAKULA†CHANNEL](https://hakula.xyz)**

- 📬&ensp;How to reach me: **<i@hakula.xyz>**

- 📄&ensp;Know more about my experiences on **[Hakula (Hongyi) Chen · LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hakula)**

## Stats

<div align="center">

[<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=Hakula&theme=dark&hide_border=true&layout=compact&custom_title=This%20week%20I%20spent%20my%20time%20on&cache_seconds=1800" alt="Wakatime Stats" width="500" />](https://wakatime.com)
[<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=hakula139&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&show_icons=true&disable_animations=true&count_private=true&cache_seconds=1800" alt="GitHub Stats" height="200" />](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=hakula139&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&layout=compact&langs_count=10&cache_seconds=1800&exclude_repo=MIPS-Toolchain" alt="Most Used Languages" height="200" />](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[<img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=hakula139&theme=dark&hide_border=true" alt="Streak Stats" height="200" />](https://github.com/DenverCoder1/github-readme-streak-stats)

</div>

### Programming Languages

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cpp" width="50" height="50" />](https://www.cplusplus.com)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="50" height="50" />](https://www.cprogramming.com)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="50" height="50" />](https://www.typescriptlang.org)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="50" height="50" />](https://www.javascript.com)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/go/go-original.svg" alt="go" width="50" height="50" />](https://golang.org)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="50" height="50" />](https://www.python.org)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vscode-icons/vscode-icons/master/icons/file_type_systemverilog.svg" alt="systemverilog" width="50" height="50" />](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8299595)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vscode-icons/vscode-icons/master/icons/file_type_assembly.svg" alt="aarch64-assembly" width="50" height="50" />](https://developer.arm.com)

### Frontend Development

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original.svg" alt="vuejs" width="50" height="50" />](https://v3.vuejs.org)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" alt="html5" width="50" height="50" />](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" alt="css3" width="50" height="50" />](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="sass" width="50" height="50" />](https://sass-lang.com)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/webpack/webpack-original.svg" alt="webpack" width="50" height="50" />](https://webpack.js.org)

### Backend Development

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" alt="nodejs" width="50" height="50" />](https://nodejs.org)
[<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pocoo_flask/pocoo_flask-icon.svg" alt="flask" width="50" height="50" />](https://flask.palletsprojects.com)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" alt="mysql" width="50" height="50" />](https://www.mysql.com)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sequelize/sequelize-original.svg" alt="sequelize" width="50" height="50" />](https://sequelize.org)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redis/redis-original.svg" alt="redis" width="50" height="50" />](https://redis.io)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nginx/nginx-original.svg" alt="nginx" width="50" height="50" />](https://www.nginx.com)

### Testing

[<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/jestjsio/jestjsio-icon.svg" alt="jest" width="50" height="50" />](https://jestjs.io)
[<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pptrdev/pptrdev-official.svg" alt="puppeteer" width="50" height="50" />](https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer)

### AI / ML

[<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="50" height="50" />](https://pytorch.org)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/jupyter/jupyter-original.svg" alt="jupyter" width="50" height="50" />](https://jupyter.org)

### Other

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/ubuntu/ubuntu-plain.svg" alt="ubuntu" width="50" height="50" />](https://ubuntu.com)
[<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="50" height="50" />](https://git-scm.com)
[<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="50" height="50" />](https://postman.com)
[<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/elasticco_kibana/elasticco_kibana-icon.svg" alt="kibana" width="50" height="50" />](https://www.elastic.co/kibana)

Commit message:

feat: finished my internship @ Tencent, continue my studies @ Fudan U
feat: learning Haskell and SICP
fix: modify some emojis

README.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->

<div align="center">

# Hi 👋, I'm Hakula Chen

**BS, Computer Science (Honors Program) @ Fudan U**  

[![hakula139](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=hakula139&theme=onedark)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)

</div>

## About me

- 👨‍💻&ensp;I'm currently working on:
  - [ ] [**99-Haskell-Problems-Solutions**](https://github.com/hakula139/99-Haskell-Problems-Solutions), my solutions for [Ninety-Nine Haskell Problems](https://wiki.haskell.org/99_questions).

- 🌱&ensp;I'm currently learning:
  - **Haskell**
  - **SICP**, Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs @ MIT 6.001
  - **Compilers**
  - **Computer Graphics**
  - **Distributed Systems**
  - **Android Software Development**

- 📚&ensp;I'm currently reading:
  - [ ] [**_Learn You a Haskell for Great Good!_**](http://learnyouahaskell.com)

- 🔮&ensp;Most of my projects are available on **[hakula139 / Repositories · GitHub](https://github.com/hakula139?tab=repositories)**

- ✏️&ensp;I regularly (?) post articles on **[HAKULA†CHANNEL](https://hakula.xyz)**

- 📬&ensp;How to reach me: **<i@hakula.xyz>**

- 💼&ensp;Know more about my experiences on **[Hakula (Hongyi) Chen · LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hakula)**

## Stats

<div align="center">

[<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=Hakula&theme=dark&hide_border=true&layout=compact&custom_title=This%20week%20I%20spent%20my%20time%20on&cache_seconds=1800" alt="Wakatime Stats" width="500" />](https://wakatime.com)
[<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=hakula139&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&show_icons=true&disable_animations=true&count_private=true&cache_seconds=1800" alt="GitHub Stats" height="200" />](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=hakula139&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&layout=compact&langs_count=10&cache_seconds=1800&exclude_repo=MIPS-Toolchain" alt="Most Used Languages" height="200" />](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[<img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=hakula139&theme=dark&hide_border=true" alt="Streak Stats" height="200" />](https://github.com/DenverCoder1/github-readme-streak-stats)

</div>

### Programming Languages

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cpp" width="50" height="50" />](https://www.cplusplus.com)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="50" height="50" />](https://www.cprogramming.com)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="50" height="50" />](https://www.typescriptlang.org)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="50" height="50" />](https://www.javascript.com)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/go/go-original.svg" alt="go" width="50" height="50" />](https://golang.org)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="50" height="50" />](https://www.python.org)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vscode-icons/vscode-icons/master/icons/file_type_systemverilog.svg" alt="systemverilog" width="50" height="50" />](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8299595)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vscode-icons/vscode-icons/master/icons/file_type_assembly.svg" alt="aarch64-assembly" width="50" height="50" />](https://developer.arm.com)

### Frontend Development

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original.svg" alt="vuejs" width="50" height="50" />](https://v3.vuejs.org)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" alt="html5" width="50" height="50" />](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" alt="css3" width="50" height="50" />](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="sass" width="50" height="50" />](https://sass-lang.com)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/webpack/webpack-original.svg" alt="webpack" width="50" height="50" />](https://webpack.js.org)

### Backend Development

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" alt="nodejs" width="50" height="50" />](https://nodejs.org)
[<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pocoo_flask/pocoo_flask-icon.svg" alt="flask" width="50" height="50" />](https://flask.palletsprojects.com)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" alt="mysql" width="50" height="50" />](https://www.mysql.com)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sequelize/sequelize-original.svg" alt="sequelize" width="50" height="50" />](https://sequelize.org)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redis/redis-original.svg" alt="redis" width="50" height="50" />](https://redis.io)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nginx/nginx-original.svg" alt="nginx" width="50" height="50" />](https://www.nginx.com)

### Testing

[<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/jestjsio/jestjsio-icon.svg" alt="jest" width="50" height="50" />](https://jestjs.io)
[<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pptrdev/pptrdev-official.svg" alt="puppeteer" width="50" height="50" />](https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer)

### AI / ML

[<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="50" height="50" />](https://pytorch.org)
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/jupyter/jupyter-original.svg" alt="jupyter" width="50" height="50" />](https://jupyter.org)

### Other

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/ubuntu/ubuntu-plain.svg" alt="ubuntu" width="50" height="50" />](https://ubuntu.com)
[<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="50" height="50" />](https://git-scm.com)
[<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="50" height="50" />](https://postman.com)
[<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/elasticco_kibana/elasticco_kibana-icon.svg" alt="kibana" width="50" height="50" />](https://www.elastic.co/kibana)
